README.md, before:

this is version 1.1.0

needed currently:

make it so that the handle burns off if it's made of wood (maybe? maybe just set it as it as a low max heat and then I can make every part of the sword dynamically heat)

day/night cycle

weather cycle

moving the ship to other waters

functionality for the charms as in they actually do something and aren't fancy paperweights

rarity mapping
common, uncommon, rare, rare+, unique, elite, legendary, mythic, fabled

# switch font to custom spellsmith.ttf

# story
you were young and left on a boat, in a world with many oceans and water. you make swords for the two (?) factions, the regal knights, a band of knights seperated by hierarchy. you also make swords for the dungeon keepers, people or monsters who run dungeons and their ecosystems. helping out either side boosts your reputation with them and lowers your reputation with the other side.
if a dungeon gets too powerful, the regal knights will swoop in and defeat it, leaving it to ruin. if a dungeon is too weak, people will get cocky and children and teens will venture in, to never return.
in a dungeon, they need strong weapons to scare off the people who will most likely die, but not so many that the dungeon becomes too powerful.
you take more clients as your smithing gets better, and the story can end in 3 ways:
you help the regal knights kill every dungeon leader, and then the knights are disbanded for no need of them
you help the dungeon keepers become too powerful for the regal knights, and they are all killed and the dungeons break the surface and take over the world
you find an equillibrium maybe and both sides come to an agreement to prevent dungeons from becoming too powerful or from knights becoming too powerful.

Commit message:

about to mess up my item class to make bottles and ores and stuff

README.md, after:

this is version 1.1.0

needed currently:

make it so that the handle burns off if it's made of wood (maybe? maybe just set it as it as a low max heat and then I can make every part of the sword dynamically heat)

day/night cycle

weather cycle

moving the ship to other waters

functionality for the charms as in they actually do something and aren't fancy paperweights

rarity mapping
common, uncommon, rare, rare+, unique, elite, legendary, mythic, fabled

# finish the making of the items so that the item made is actually made lol

# story
you were young and left on a boat, in a world with many oceans and water. you make swords for the two (?) factions, the regal knights, a band of knights seperated by hierarchy. you also make swords for the dungeon keepers, people or monsters who run dungeons and their ecosystems. helping out either side boosts your reputation with them and lowers your reputation with the other side.
if a dungeon gets too powerful, the regal knights will swoop in and defeat it, leaving it to ruin. if a dungeon is too weak, people will get cocky and children and teens will venture in, to never return.
in a dungeon, they need strong weapons to scare off the people who will most likely die, but not so many that the dungeon becomes too powerful.
you take more clients as your smithing gets better, and the story can end in 3 ways:
you help the regal knights kill every dungeon leader, and then the knights are disbanded for no need of them
you help the dungeon keepers become too powerful for the regal knights, and they are all killed and the dungeons break the surface and take over the world
you find an equillibrium maybe and both sides come to an agreement to prevent dungeons from becoming too powerful or from knights becoming too powerful.
